[docs] [integrations] add warning to Prisma and Yugabyte guide. (#13098)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/integrations/prisma.md

showAsideToc: true
---

> {{< warning title="Warning" >}}
> 
> This tutorial uses [Prisma 1](https://v1.prisma.io/docs/1.34/) which is in maintenance mode. If you are new to Prisma, check out the [Prisma ORM](https://www.prisma.io/) instead.
> 
> {{< /warning >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< warning title="Old Prisma version" >}}

This tutorial uses [Prisma 1](https://v1.prisma.io/docs/1.34/) which is in maintenance mode. If you are new to Prisma, check out the [Prisma ORM](https://www.prisma.io/).

The following YugabyteDB documentation uses the current Prisma ORM:

* [ Hello World Example](/preview/drivers-orms/nodejs/prisma/)
* [ CRUD Example](/preview/quick-start/build-apps/nodejs/ysql-prisma/)

{{< /warning >}}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
